Monthly Release Update 2022.08.0 (#3516)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/release-notes/2022-okta-identity-engine/index.md

#### Telephony Inline Hook is LGA in Production

While Okta provides out-of-the-box telephony functionality, many customers need the ability to integrate their existing telecommunications provider with Okta to deliver SMS and Voice messages. The Telephony Inline Hook allows customers to generate One-Time Passcodes within Okta, and then use their existing telecommunications provider to deliver the messages for MFA enrollment/verification, password reset, and account unlock. This allows customers to use their existing telephony solution within Okta, due to the time they've already invested in their existing telephony solution, the need to use a specific regional provider, or simply the desire to maintain flexibility. See [Telephony Inline Hook with Twilio](/docs/guides/telephony-inline-hook/nodejs/main/). <!-- OKTA-518233 -->

#### System Log updates for telephony operations

> The `system.operation.rate_limit.violation` event is no longer fired when SMS or Voice messages are blocked due to telephony operational rate limit violations. <!-- OKTA-517838 -->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `system.operation.rate_limit.violation` event is no longer triggered when SMS or Voice messages are blocked due to telephony operational rate limit violations. Instead, telephony `system.sms.send.*` and `system.voice.send.*` events are issued as a `DENY` System Log message. <!-- OKTA-517838 -->
```
